balance: make quarg outfits more interesting (#7544)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/quarg/quarg outfits.txt

	category "Power"
	cost 3000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg nanotech battery"
	"mass" 30
	"outfit space" -30
	"energy capacity" 40000

> 	description "Human engineers who first came into contact with the Quarg were astonished by the sheer efficiency of their technology. The energy density of Quarg batteries is unparalleled, storing almost as much energy as the best human batteries while being less than a third the size."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "Human engineers who first came into contact with the Quarg were astonished by the sheer efficiency of their technology. The energy density of Quarg batteries is unparalleled, storing almost as much energy as the best human batteries while being less than half the size."
```

The largest human battery is 80t

The current stats also still only have it as marginally better than the Large Battery Module or the Crystal Capacitor. I feel it should be better than that.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/15916854/200364156-5f274fc4-f043-4e7d-b8d5-656a95c8e256.png)

Author: Make it 25 size then?

	"weapon capacity" -60
	"turret mounts" -1
	"required crew" 1
	"active cooling" 10

> 	"cooling energy" 1

Reviewer: I'm not really in favor of buffing the Skylance, if you want to give active cooling to something, I think it would be better on a different outfit. 
Maybe their anti-missile if you want to keep it on a weapon outfit? Since that's rather notoriously underperforming.

	"mass" 70
	"outfit space" -70
	"engine capacity" -70
	"thrust" 85
	"thrusting energy" 20
	"thrusting heat" 3

> 	"force protection" 0.1

Reviewer: Force protection of 0.1 is quite low. Does this actually have a noticeable effect on ships as small as Quarg ones?
Also consider adding drag reduction which was merged recently? #7485

	"mass" 50
	"outfit space" -50
	"engine capacity" -50
	"turn" 1800
	"turning energy" 10
	"turning heat" 2

> 	"force protection" 0.1

Reviewer: Ditto on the above for force protection/drag reduction

Author: Just did add that one
I'm no balance king I first wanted to see how ppl would react to these two new things being used at all, also I dont want the ships to not get pushed away at all once they're disabled

Author: Do note that 0.1 means 10%, meaning the two do 0.2 for a total of 16.7% resistance.
Could bring it higher for sure.

Reviewer: With both force protection and drag/inertia reduction, I'm okay with the relatively low amount.

	"engine capacity" -50
	"turn" 1600
	"turning energy" 10
	"turning heat" 2
	"force protection" 0.1

> 	"drag reduction" 0.05

Author: Done

	"mass" 120
	"outfit space" -120
	"shield generation" 10

> 	"shield energy" 5

Reviewer: Considering how ridiculous powerful Antimatter Cores are, I feel a reduction in energy usage here isn't actually going to help them. I'd rather reduce the mass or increase the shield generation to bring these above Dark Storms and Overcharged Shield Modules, or give them some other attribute.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/15916854/200365199-f21aa4c1-c8e1-4579-8345-3b12ca2db546.png)

Author: Maybe they eat burning?

	"outfit space" -120
	"shield generation" 10
	"shield energy" 10

> 	"shield protection" 0.1

Author: Sorry github didnt tell me about your review for some reason
Anyway, sounds good to me, what about 8 gen and energy?

> 	"shield protection" 0.1

Reviewer: I would, personally, drop it down to 6 shield generation. 
That gives it the best regen/mass in the game against anything as strong as, or stronger than a stock punisher while being worse than even Hai/Human versus t1 ships. 
Very much specialized in fighting other high-tier ships.

> 	"shield protection" 0.1

Reviewer 2: I don't see a need to drop it. Being *awesome* against high turret weapons while merely being great against lots tier sounds perfectly acceptable to me.

> 	"shield protection" 0.1

Author: Piercing protection I'd say no because the arfecta disables these by taking the hull out
But disruption now that makes sense for sure

> 	"shield protection" 0.1

Author: I added piercing and discharge (not used yet) resistance that consume energy to work (no discharge dmg in the game currently but still) and removed the protection since I don't really like passive things honestly
I also made the shields better and more efficient, as they should be I think. (bit more gen and bit less cost so they're above human in efficiency)

> 	"shield protection" 0.1

Author: I cutted it down by 5

> 	"shield protection" 0.1

Reviewer 2: I don't see piercing resistance in the data, but I do think it fits:
A) the most serious and regular combat we see Quarg engage in is vs automata, so it makes sense they would work on countering their most common foe.
B) You mention the Arfecta using piercing to disable Quarg ships. Given that there Quarg have already lost one major conflict with the Pug, which is more likely? That the Quarg have learned from it and developed new measures to give themselves a chance in a future conflict, or that the Pig have put in place new offense so they can win more easily next time? The latter seems out of character for the pug, so I think it makes the most sense to assume that their piercing contributed to their victory, so it makes sense that the Quarg would actively take steps to improve their odds in the future. After all, the Pug are the single most serious that in the game to the Quarg, so their defensive research is likely focused on defeating their previously decisive advantages.

> 	"shield protection" 0.1

Author: Makes sense. I didnt add more than 5% to not make it op or anything since it is directly reduced from the weapon shooting it I think

> 	"shield protection" 0.1

Reviewer 2: That seems reasonable. We can always adjust it later if necessary, but this seems like a good amount.
